# DSC520-_Final_Project_Data_Cleaning_in_R
Week 4: 4.2 Assignment: Final Project Step 1--Find Datasets and Begin Exploration  Throughout the semester you will incrementally create your individual final project. By the end of this week you will need to:  1.  Identify at least 3 different datasets and perform some initial exploration.  Potential Sources for Datasets      Kaggle     Open Data Network     American Community Survey     Bureau of Labor Statistics     Bureau of Economic Analysis     Open Data Cincinnati     Data.gov     Healthdata.gov     Amazon Web Services Datasets     The General Society Survey  2. Put into practice what you have learned so far in the course:                a. Importing the data  b. Identifying and reviewing the schema (codebook) (if available)  c. Identifying missing data.  d. Learn about the data visually (plotting) and numerically (descriptive stats)  3.  Complete Section 1 of the Final Project Template and submit by the end of the week.  Once you have narrowed down the 3 data set candidates for your final project you need to start thinking about what type of questions you would want to ask and answer of these data sets.  You will draft research questions you want to use to guide your data analysis in a later week of the course.   week5: 5.3 Assignment: Final Project Step 2  Last week, you identified 3 data set candidates for your final project. This week you will draft the introductory narrative about your project including the Problem Statement and the Research Questions you want to answer; and complete Section 2 of the Final Project Template. Submit your updated Final Project Template by the end of the week.   week6: 6.3 Assignment: Final Project Step 3: Data Import and Cleaning  Last week, you drafted the introductory narrative about your project including the Problem Statement and the Research Questions you want to answer, and completed Section 2 of the Final Project Template. This week, you will need to review and update Sections 1 &amp; 2 to reflect revisions you have decided to make based on additional research and feedback received from your peers and course professor. In addition, you need to complete Section 3 of the Final Project Template and submit your updated Final Project Template by the end of the week.
